Added release notes for 3.2.0 (#316)
medic/medic-conf: release-notes.md

# Release Notes

## 3.2.0

> ### Detection for configuration overwrites

Reviewer: Constider `Prompt before configuration overwrites`?

Author: Done.

> In previous versions medic-conf would upload the new configuration overwriting whatever was there previously and there was no way to tell if you were accidentally wiping out someone elses changes. With this feature you will now be warned if another device has updated the configuration since you started making changes.

Reviewer: Consider:

> This new feature warns and prompts users when uploading a configuration if the configuration they are overwriting has changed since their last upload. The warnings are prompts are comparable to a database write conflict.  Previous versions of medic-conf would upload the new configuration overwriting whatever was there, resulting in users accidentally wiping out someone elses changes or changes made through the admin console.

Author: Done.

To detect this the cli will generate two files - `.snapshots/remote.json` and `.snapshots/local.json`. These store the last known configuration on the server. You should commit the `remote.json` with your configuration changes, but add the `local.json` to your .gitignore because everyone's localhost is different. That way if anyone changes the configuration on the server using medic-conf or the App Management webapp without committing the `remote.json` file to your config repo you will be notified about the risk and prompted to overwrite or cancel.

This feature was introduced but not announced in 3.1.0. In this release we have fixed some bugs and improved the overall experience.

> ### Configuration is only upload if something has changed

Reviewer: only uploaded?

Author: Done.

# Release Notes

## 3.2.0

### Prompt before configuration overwrites

> This new feature warns and prompts users when uploading a configuration if the configuration being overwritten is not the last known configuration. These warnings are comparable to a database write conflict. Previous versions of medic-conf would upload the new configuration overwriting whatever was there, resulting in users accidentally wiping out someone elses changes or changes made through the admin console.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This new feature warns and prompts users when uploading a configuration if the configuration being overwritten is not the last known configuration. These warnings are comparable to a database write conflict. Previous versions of medic-conf would upload the new configuration overwriting whatever was there, resulting in users accidentally wiping out someone elses changes or changes made through the App Management webapp.
```

> To detect this the cli will generate two files - `.snapshots/remote.json` and `.snapshots/local.json`. These store the last known configuration on the server. You should commit the `remote.json` with your configuration changes, but add the `local.json` to your .gitignore because everyone's localhost is different. That way if anyone changes the configuration on the server using medic-conf or the App Management webapp without committing the `remote.json` file to your config repo you will be notified about the risk and prompted to overwrite or cancel.

Reviewer 2: Better to stay consistent with how we refer to medic-conf, so I'd suggest we change `the cli` to  `medic-conf`. Also made some other clarifications throughout the paragraph.

```suggestion
To detect this, medic-conf will generate two files - `.snapshots/remote.json` and `.snapshots/local.json`. These store the last known configuration on the server. The `remote.json` file should be commited with your configuration changes, and `local.json` should be added to the .gitignore since everyone's local environment is different. If changes are made to the configuration on the server using medic-conf or the App Management webapp without committing the `remote.json` file to your config repo, and then subsequently pulling the changes, then any attempt to upload configuration changes will be notified about the risk and prompted to overwrite, or cancel.
```

Reviewer 2: Note, the changes aren't highlighted very well here!
